docs: partial snapshot download docs (#5622)
eclipse-kura/kura: docs/administration/snapshot-management.md

* **XML**: The original XML snapshot format.
* **JSON**: The JSON format used by the [Configuration v2 REST APIs and CONF-V2 request handler](../references/rest-apis/rest-configuration-service-v2.md). For example the downloaded snapshot can be used as is as a body for the [PUT/configurableComponents/configurations/_update](../references/rest-apis/rest-configuration-service-v2.md) request. The `takeSnapshot` parameter specified by the CONF-V2 request is missing from the downloaded JSON file, if that parameter is not specified, a new snapshot will be created by default.

> Starting from Kura 6.0, it is also possible to download a partial version of the snapshot, including only a subset of the entire configuration. By default, the complete list of configurations is selected, but the user can select only the desired ones, by removing the undesired pids.

Reviewer: https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/587351/starting-from-version-vs-starting-with-version-vs-beginning-with-version

```suggestion
Starting with Kura 6.0, it is also possible to download a partial version of the snapshot, including only a subset of the entire configuration. By default, the complete list of configurations is selected, but the user can select only the desired ones, by removing the undesired pids.
```

> Starting with Kura 6.0, it is also possible to download a partial version of the snapshot, which includes only a subset of the entire configuration: in the download popup, a list of checkboxes is shown, representing the list of all the service configurations that can be downloaded. By default, the complete set of configurations is selected, but the user can pick only the desired ones, checking only those boxes that should be downloaded. Then the complete or partial snapshot can be downloaded in XML or JSON format thorough the appropriate button.

Reviewer: Some wording. LMKWYT

```suggestion
Starting with Kura 6.0, it is possible to download _a partial_ version of the snapshot. This allows the user to download a subset of the entire Kura configuration.

In the snapshot download popup, a list of checkboxes is shown, representing the list of all the service configurations that can be downloaded. By default, all configurations (represented by the component PIDs) are selected. The user can remove from the downloaded snapshot the configuration they're not interested in by deselecting the related PIDs checkboxes. The snapshot can be then downloaded in XML or JSON format thorough the dedicated button.
```

Author: I agree on that, it's way more readable
